Spec for Cookie Eater

Cookie eater is a game that is played on a 2D grid.

The player controls a snake that can move around the grid.

The player can collect cookies by moving onto the same cell as a cookie.

When a cookie is eaten, the snake grows in length by 1 cell.

The game ends when the snake moves out of bounds or when the snake moves onto itself.

The player can also buy upgrades to the snake.

Player can select the grid size at the start of the game. The size can be any rectanglar grid, maximum size is 100x100.

Player can select the difficulty at the start of the game. The difficulty can be one of the following:

- Easy: there will be no obstacles in the grid
- Hard: there will be obstacles in the grid

The background of the game will be a light color, the snake will be a different color, the cookies will be a different color, and the obstacles will be a different color.
Show a water ripple effect when the snake eats a cookie.
Show "Yum" when the snake eats a cookie and play the sound effect of eating a cookie.
When the game is over, play sound file "gameover.m4a"

Use python and pygame to make the game.
User use the arrow keys to move the snake.
The game should start with snake paused in the center of the grid.
The player should be able to press the any key to start the game.
The player should be able to press the space bar to pause the game.
The player should be able to press the space bar to restart the game.
The player should be able to press the space bar to quit the game.

UI design

The snake should have a head with two dots on the head to indicate the direction of the snake. It should have a darker color than the body.
When snake size is longer than 2, there should be tail.
The head and tail should be rounded to look like a snake.
make the snake thinner than the cookie.
Snake should be continuous.
When snake turns, there should not be gap in the snake, put round corner.
Show the boundary of the grid, same color as the obstacles.

The cookie should be a circle with dots on the cookie. Colored like a cookie.
The score should be displayed as number of cookies eaten.
The length of the snake should be displayed as a number.
The selection of grid and difficulty should be within the game screen. Allow mouse to select the difficulty and grid size.
Allow user to type the grid size in the text boxes. 
Difficuty selected should be highlighted.
The text should be displayed in the center of the game screen all the time. Resize the text to fit the screen. It should be opposite to the background color.
Make the font like old school game font and larger

Allow the window to resize and scale the game screen accordingly.

Upgrade system
Following upgrades are available:
with 5 cookies, player can buy an yellow star upgrade to slow the snake by 20% in the next 30 seconds.
with 10 cookies, player can buy an red star upgrade to slow the snake by 50% in the next 30 seconds.
with 15 cookies, player can buy an blue star upgrade to shorten the snake by 5
with 20 cookies, player can buy an green star upgrade to shorten the snake by 10
with 30 cookies, player can buy an gold star upgrade to go through the wall and turn back to the other side.
During the game, when it is paused, the upgrade menu should be displayed.
User can click on the upgrade to buy it.
If user buy an upgrade, the corresponding upgrade should be displayed on the screen, and cookie count should be reduced.
If there is no enough cookies, the upgrade button should be grayed out.
User should can click space bar to resume game.

add a menu item in the application menu to select the difficulty. Allow user to select the difficulty from the menu when game over.